client/src/assets/images/README.md, before:

# Image Credits

- `book-cover-placeholder.png` from <https://d827xgdhgqbnd.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/09121712/book-cover-placeholder.png>

- `books.jpeg` Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@eddrobertson?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Ed Robertson</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/images/things/book?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  
- `collections.jpeg` Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@goian?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Ian Schneider</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/TamMbr4okv4?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  
- `movies.jpeg` Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@myke_simon?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Myke Simon</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/atsUqIm3wxo?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  
- `paintings.jpeg` Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@steve_j?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Steve Johnson</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/QlBdxJK2-nU?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  
- `photos.jpeg` Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@dariuszsankowski?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Dariusz Sankowski</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/mj2NwYH3wBA?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>

- `poster-placeholder.jpg` from <http://lexingtonvenue.com/media/poster-placeholder.jpg>

- `places.jpeg` Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@andrewtneel?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Andrew Neel</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/1-29wyvvLJA?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  
- `songs.jpeg` Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@marius?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Marius Masalar</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/rPOmLGwai2w?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>

Commit message:

add background image for books

client/src/assets/images/README.md, after:

# Image Credits

- `book-cover-placeholder.png` from <https://d827xgdhgqbnd.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/09121712/book-cover-placeholder.png>

- `books.jpeg` Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@eddrobertson?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Ed Robertson</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/images/things/book?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>

- `books-background.jpeg` Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@henry_be?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Henry Be</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/images/things/book?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  
- `collections.jpeg` Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@goian?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Ian Schneider</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/TamMbr4okv4?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  
- `movies.jpeg` Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@myke_simon?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Myke Simon</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/atsUqIm3wxo?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  
- `paintings.jpeg` Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@steve_j?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Steve Johnson</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/QlBdxJK2-nU?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  
- `photos.jpeg` Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@dariuszsankowski?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Dariusz Sankowski</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/mj2NwYH3wBA?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>

- `poster-placeholder.jpg` from <http://lexingtonvenue.com/media/poster-placeholder.jpg>

- `places.jpeg` Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@andrewtneel?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Andrew Neel</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/1-29wyvvLJA?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  
- `songs.jpeg` Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@marius?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Marius Masalar</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/rPOmLGwai2w?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
