README.md, before:

# Collectify: Collect your favourite things in one place

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/5bcbb35d-6966-4c5f-b48e-a8b9723b7a42/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/collectify-app/deploys)

## What is Collectify?

Collectify is a platform for individuals to create a personalized collection of their favourite things, including books, movies, photos, and more, in one place and without the fear of judgment.

## How to run Collectify?

### Prerequisites

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) (v6.9.1 or higher)
* [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/) (v3.2.10 or higher)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

    ```bash
    git clone
    ```

2. Install dependencies:

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3. Run the application:

    ```bash
    npm start
    ```

4. Open the application in your browser:

    ```bash
    http://localhost:3000
    ```

<!-- 5. Run tests:

    ```bash
    npm test
    ```

6. Run tests with coverage:

    ```bash
    npm run test:coverage
    ```

7. Run tests with watch:

    ```bash
    npm run test:watch
    ```

8. Run tests with watch and coverage:

    ```bash
    npm run test:watch:coverage
    ``` -->

## Acknowledgements

This project was bootstrapped with iron-launcher.

Commit message:

also mention how to update packages

README.md, after:

# Collectify: Collect your favourite things in one place

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/5bcbb35d-6966-4c5f-b48e-a8b9723b7a42/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/collectify-app/deploys)

## What is Collectify?

Collectify is a platform for individuals to create a personalized collection of their favourite things, including books, movies, photos, and more, in one place and without the fear of judgment.

## How to run Collectify?

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) (v6.9.1 or higher)
- [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/) (v3.2.10 or higher)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. To update to the latest package versions:

   ```bash
   npm update
   ```

4. Run the application:

   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

5. Open the application in your browser:

   ```bash
   http://localhost:3000
   ```

<!-- 5. Run tests:

    ```bash
    npm test
    ```

6. Run tests with coverage:

    ```bash
    npm run test:coverage
    ```

7. Run tests with watch:

    ```bash
    npm run test:watch
    ```

8. Run tests with watch and coverage:

    ```bash
    npm run test:watch:coverage
    ``` -->

## Acknowledgements

This project was bootstrapped with iron-launcher.
